SDK-2144. [Upgrader] Check if GitLab CE and EE are supported in upgrader (#1758)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scu/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-gitlab-self-hosted-managed-project.md

---
title: Connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitLab self-hosted managed project
description: Learn how to connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitLab self-hosted managed project
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-getlab-self-hosted-managed-project.html
---

## Connect Spryker Code Upgrader using GitLab CE/EE access token

To connect the Spryker Code Upgrader manually using a Gitlab CE/EE access token, take the following steps.

## Prerequisites

[Create a GitLab access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html#create-a-personal-access-token)

Your GitLab access token should have the following repository permissions:

* **api** for Spryker CI: grants complete read and write access to the scoped project API, including the Package Registry

> * **write_repository** for Spryker Upgrader Service: grants read and write access to the repository to enable the Upgrader to analyze the project and create PRs.

Reviewer: What's the difference between complete and regular access?

Reviewer 2: I took this info from official GitLab description:

<img width="859" alt="Screenshot 2023-04-19 at 11 08 01" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111562890/233026676-4fee022b-0126-4b4c-ad2c-e240152adce0.png">

---
title: Connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitLab self-hosted managed project
description: Learn how to connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitLab self-hosted managed project
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-getlab-self-hosted-managed-project.html
---

## Connect Spryker Code Upgrader using GitLab access token

> To connect the Upgrader manually using a Gitlab access token, follow the steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To connect the Upgrader manually using a Gitlab access token, take the following steps.
```

Author: Thanks

## Prerequisites

1. [Create a GitLab access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html#create-a-personal-access-token)

GitLab access token should have the following repository permissions:

* **api,write_repository** for Spryker Upgrader Service: grants read and write access to the repository to enable the Upgrader to analyze the project and create PRs.

> ![GitLab access token](//TODO)

Reviewer 4: Missed link

Author: Fixed

## Configure the connection in Spryker CI

1. In Spryker CI, go to **Projects**.
2. On the **Projects** page, select the **Spryker Upgrade Service** project.

![Spryker CI Projects](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-azure-managed-project.md/spryker_ci_projects.png)

3. Go to **Code**.

![Spryker CI Code](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-azure-managed-project.md/spryker_ci_code_page.png)

4. In the **Connect Git repository** pane, for **GIT HOSTING PROVIDER**, select **Private Server**.

5. For **AUTHENTICATION METHOD** select **Password**.

![Spryker CI Code Azure](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-azure-managed-project.md/azure_code_add.png)

> 6. Enter your GitLab repository URL, username and password, and click on **Connect repository** button.

Author: The Gitlab CE/EE is not working now 

Manual fetch
Today 12:13 PM
integrated: not found.

## To add environment configuration 

1. In Spryker CI, go to **Projects**.
2. On the **Projects** page, select the **Spryker Upgrade Service** project.
3. Go to **Pipelines**.
4. Open **Upgrader** pipline.
5. Open **Variables** tab.

> ![Spryker CI Variables Tab](//TODO)

Author: Yes, fixed
